Previously on "Pretty Little Liars".
This dress is the black swan.
She's leaving.
Hurry!
Spencer: If the black swan
wasn't guilty of something,
why would she run
from you guys?
I thought that we had a deal
about you not coming out here.
What was I supposed
to tell you?
The truth?
Spencer:
Somebody took you there
to make it look like
you dug up Ali's body.
"Game on, bitches."
All: "-A."
Wow, Jenna.
All this time you could see.
It was the only
protection I had.
I'm sorry. Maybe I'll hear that
from your father tomorrow too.
You're seeing him?
We have lunch plans.
I guess I have you
to thank for that.
Spencer, did you
call the hospital?
Are they sending the records?
There aren't any records.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means Melissa didn't
lose her baby in June.
You're big on games,
but get this straight:
Do not not mess with Hanna.
( Screams )
I've decided to defend
Garrett Reynolds.
This is the man who
killed my best friend.
He killed the girl Emily
was in love with.
Accused of killing him.
♪
Do we really believe that Jenna
was off on a joyride that night?
It was her plan to take Emily
to Ali's grave all along.
Seemed to me like she
was scared of someone.
And it seemed like she
was blind for five months
when she wasn't.
For purposes of my head
not exploding,
could we just say that she
is telling the truth?
Well, that would
mean that we would
cross her off the new "A" list.
Then who's still on it?
Lucas?
No way.
He might be
a little unhinged lately,
but he's not capable
of digging up a grave.
Guys, all roads lead back
to the black swan.
We know that she was
working with Mona,
the sketches were in her lair.
Spencer, mom wants to know
if you want anything else.
Uh, no. Thank you, mom.
Melissa looks great.
Yeah, she's back to
being size too skinny.
Black swan skinny?
Think about it.
We know that she lied about
when she lost her baby.
Whoa, back up.
You think that she
was pretending
to be pregnant for that long?
No. That's, like, months.
There's no way.
She wouldn't do that
to my parents.
Who else could it be?
Mona started talking again,
so maybe she can give
me some answers.
Did you really think you
could avoid me forever?
How could you defend Garrett?
Let's not have this
conversation here.
Oh, it doesn't bother you that
he murdered my sister?
Look, I understand you're upset,
but this isn't the place.
Just tell me why
you're doing it.
Everyone deserves
a competent legal defense.
You sure that's
the only reason?
Let the process
play out, Jason.
Focus on taking care
of your family
and yourself.
Don't worry. I am.
Jason? Are you okay?
No. But I will be.
( Cell phones chime )
"Imagine what I could do
with 50 grand. - A."
♪ Got a secret,
can you keep it ♪
♪ swear this one you'll save ♪
♪ better lock it
in your pocket ♪
♪ takin' this one
to the grave ♪
♪ if I show you
then I know you ♪
♪ won't tell what I said
♪ 'cause two can keep a secret
if one of them is dead ♪
♪
Mom.
Have you seen this?
It's hard not to.
He's plastered them
all over town.
Do you think that he's
gonna get any calls?
Tons. Mostly from people trying
to scam him out of his money.
Well, if he finds the
person that dug up the body,
what's gonna happen to them?
Stealing a body's a felony,
so they'd go to jail
for at least ten years.
And they'd probably get a life
sentence for killing Allison.
Wait. So now you're
convinced Garrett's innocent?
No, I'm saying it'll be
easy to build a case
against a person
who took the body.
Not only did my dad
get a new haircut,
but he's also wearing
a new aftershave.
Soun like he's
got a date to me.
He smells like baby wipes.
Does your mom know?
No.
It's one thing to say
he's going out on a date,
it's another to say
that it's with Meredith.
Hey, you.
It's better she hears it
from you than someone else.
Hey.
Hey. Are you on
your way home?
Yeah. I thought we
could do dinner.
Oh, well.
You're looking at it.
I have a pile of essays
to get through.
Oh. Okay.
Tomorrow night?
Well, don't tell anybody,
but I will have some
pop quizzes to grade.
But I'm home all weekend, so,
rain check for Sunday?
Yeah, sure.
Didn't you stay in
last weekend though?
Don't you just wanna go out,
be around people?
I am around people.
All day, Monday through Friday.
Yeah, teenagers.
You should call up some friends.
Go have a girls night out.
And who would that be?
All my friends have husbands.
Besides, I'd much rather spend
a quiet night alone with you.
Unless you have plans.
That's not it.
I just...
what?
Nothing.
I'll see you Sunday.
Love you.
Mona vanderwall isn't
allowed visitors.
Since when?
Since the doctor ordered it.
Well, I've been visiting her
for the past few weeks,
so there must be a mistake.
No mistake.
I'll just be a few minutes,
I promise.
( Sighs )
Fine. When can I see her?
She's lost her
visitation privileges.
Wait. Why? For how long?
I have no idea.
We don't do, like,
frappuccino's here.
We do caramel cappuccinos,
and then we have, like,
assorted americanos.
You do know what an
americano is, don't you?
Yeah. I know.
Good, good. You are gonna be
a barista soon enough.
Awesome.
Make me proud.
Are you Emily fields?
Yes.
I called your house and
your m said you worked here.
I'm Maya's cousin, Nate.
You have time to talk?
Um...
I'm sorry. It's my first day
here, so can I call you later?
Yeah, any time.
I'll give you my number.
I live here now.
In Rosewood?
Just started at Hollis.
Maya never mentioned she had
a cousin coming to Hollis.
Well, I applied but I hadn't
gotten in yet when she was...
I was actually
really looking forward
to hanging out with her again.
Hey, Emily.
Go time.
Talk to you soon.
Green tea latte drinkers.
Yeah? So get the gluten-free
biscottis going.
Gluten-free biscottis.
There's nothing else
you can do about it?
Yeah, I understand.
Um...
I guess, just let me
know if anything changes.
All right, thanks.
Next Saturday.
You, me, the tenth row.
Bon iver.
Don't worry.
I'll think of a way that
you can thank me later.
Oh.
Okay, this is the part where
you're supposed to scream,
jump up and kiss me.
What's going on?
I just got off
the phone with wren
and he told me that
Mona freaked out
after some guy went to
visit her the other day.
And now I can't
see her anymore.
I mean, seriously,
I'm going to kill Lucas.
It wasn't Lucas.
It was me.
What?
Why would you go
there without me?
Because I needed
to talk to her.
About what?
Nothing. Much.
Really.
I told her to just
stop messing with you.
Wait, messing with me?
Yeah, before I knew it,
she was flipping tables
and acting like she
was possessed.
Mona is in radley under
24-hour supervision.
All right? She's not doing
anything to hurt me.
Yes, she is.
You just don't see it.
You have to trust that
I know what I'm doing.
Hanna, if you were
popping pills everyday,
would you want me to
just look the other way?
That's not the same thing.
It is exactly the same thing.
Wren thinks it's good
if I go talk to her.
He said it's helping me heal.
Why are you listening
to some guy you barely know,
instead of me?
Because I obviously can't
talk to you about this.
You've already made up
your mind about Mona.
Wren doesn't know
everything that I know.
Unless there's something
that you're not telling me.
No, of course not.
Then you need to stay
away from radley.
Look, I get that you're trying
to help me here, but you're not.
So just do me a favor
and stay out of it.
( Sighs )
You both just need
a little time to cool off.
Caleb's not gonna be
cooling off any time soon.
He doesn't understand
why I need to see Mona,
and it's killing me
not to tell him.
Maybe you should.
Maybe I should what?
Tell him why
you're going there,
and about this "A".
Wait, are you serious?
Look, if it were me,
I would ezra about "A".
I'd have to.
( Sighs )
Why are you looking at
pictures of bald, fat men?
I'm looking for
a guy for my mom.
I don't know, I just thought
she could try out online dating.
She's divorced,
she's not desperate.
You didn't tell your mom about
your dad and Meredith, did you?
I just thought it would be
easier for her to hear
if she had already
met someone else.
Look, all right,
your mom's a catch.
Okay? She can meet
someone in person.
She doesn't have
to do it online.
Hey, girls.
Hey, mom.
Hi.
Okay, what don't
you want me to see?
Nothing.
No more secrets, remember?
Should I be worried?
I'm trying to find
a guy for my mom.
Yeah, preferably someone
who doesn't look like a grape.
He's cute. Sort of.
Mom, he has a unibrow.
Tell your mom to use
mainlinemate.
It's a much better site.
( Applause )
All right, see you next week.
Hey, Jason.
Hey.
How's it going?
I've been better.
There any calls
on the flyer yet?
Your mom send you here
to ask me that?
Jason, you are upset.
I want to make sure
that you're okay.
Nothing solid
to go on just yet.
Maybe you should
withdraw the reward.
Just let the police
handle this.
Why? Because they handled
Ali's murder case so well?
No, because you don't
need to be fielding calls
from every crackpot in town
who's just looking for money.
Look, all I need is one
to tell me the truth.
How are you gonna kvow
if they're for real
or if they just want a reward?
I can tell when
someone's lying.
Can you?
What is that supposed to mean?
Why do you think your
mom took this case?
'Cause she has a reason to
believe that Garrett's innocent.
Or maybe she just
doesn't want to see
the precious Hastings
name get tarnished.
You think that she's
trying to protect someone?
I think your mom has an agenda
that has nothing to do with criminal defense.
( Phone buzzes )
Are you talking about Melissa?
I gotta take this.
Yeah?
Gourmet chef?
What? She is in my house.
Oh.
Athletic?
All right, does your mom even
own a pair of sneakers?
Okay, everybody
exaggerates on this thing.
I read it in cosmo.
Sit down. Help me
figure out a username.
Um...
Oh! How 'bout
"Rosewoodgirl"?
Lame.
"Artlover"?
Boring.
I got one.
"Hotmama".
"Hotmama"?
Mm-hmm.
I'm trying to get my mom a date
with a man, not a frat boy.
Trust me, Aria.
This is going to work.
Hotmama.
Hi.
Thanks for coming.
Uh, so do you live on campus?
I got a studio
near the college.
Dorms aren't really my thing.
Yeah.
Maya sent me a picture of you.
Yeah, I sent that to her
when she was at tru north.
I know it's not their fault,
but I keep thinking if her
parents hadn't threatened
to send her back there,
she'd still be here.
I sent her mom a few emails,
but she never responded to me.
They're totally
shut down right now.
It's all just too much.
I was just hoping they'd have
some kind of service here.
The funeral was small,
just family.
Well, I never got
to say goodbye.
That's sort of why I called.
Maya's mom asked me
to give you this.
It was delivered a few
weeks after the funeral.
We saw this movie
on our first date.
Actually, we didn't really
see that much of the movie.
( Laughs ) Sounds like
my kind of first date.
( Door buzzer )
Hey, I understand you're a cop,
but you still can't
go in there.
Well, this court
order says I can.
How long will you be?
As long as it takes.
( Door buzzer )
Wilden: Hello, Mona.
Remember me?
Maya said you were a swimmer.
What's your stroke?
Butterfly? Free style?
Free style. Yeah.
You swim?
I was all-conference
in high school.
Oh. Impressive.
Swimming definitely
wasn't Maya's thing.
Unless there were
floaties involved.
( Both laugh )
Our cousins used to
always get together
every summer for a few
weeks at my grandpa's.
Stinson beach, right?
One day, all the guys
decided that we would swim
from the beach
to the dock and back.
It's about a mile each way.
And Maya insisted
on joining us.
But after a few minutes,
she started fading fast.
Wanted to prove she
could hang with the boys,
so she decided if she
couldn't swim, she'd row.
Got in her canoe and
rode all the way there.
She beat us too.
( Both laugh )
It became a daily thing.
Every morning, she'd row next
to us to the dock and back.
I should get going.
I gotta get to class.
She talked about you
all the time.
Said you were her
first real love.
Hey, Nate.
Do you have her
parents' address?
I'd like to send them
a thank-you note.
Don't have it with me.
Can I get it to you later?
Yeah, sure.
I'm glad I finally
got to meet you.
Me too.
He's still downstairs
talking to her.
About what?
He's been in there
for over an hour.
Something to do with
Alison's missing remains.
No, Mona doesn't know
anything about that.
She's been in here
the last five months.
Well, a judge doesn't
issue an oer like that
unless there's
a pretty good reason.
Look, can't you just
sneak me in there?
I just have to see her.
I have one question.
I'll be really quick.
Oh, I know. I'd love to help.
But my hands are tied.
I already got reprimanded
by her primary last week
for extending
your visiting hours.
I didn't know you did that.
I didn't think you needed to.
So why did you do it?
Well, I saw you together
and thought you were connecting.
Thank you.
Hanna: He was there with
a court order to talk to her.
So what do you think
Mona said to wilden?
If she knows that we were at
Ali's grave that night...
we would be in jail right now.
( Sighs )
You guys, we need to find out
who the black swan is.
Like, now.
I think we need to find out
when Melissa lost her baby.
Yeah, she's right, Spence.
Melissa lied for a reason.
We need to find out what it is.
Yeah, but we know
why Mona hated us.
Why would my sister
wanna torture us?
Because you made out
with her fiance
and broke up their engagement.
Okay, yeah, but that was me.
And she knows that
we have the video
that puts her in Ali's room
the night that she was murdered.
And she fits the costume.
Going to Philly.
( Background chatter )
It just never seems
to end for that family.
Or our daughters.
First Alison then Maya.
I'm sorry.
Your takeout.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
So are you meeting someone?
A date?
( Laughs ) No.
I haven't been on a date since
George clooney was E.R.
I was hoping you might've met
someone interesting
on mainlinemate.
Mainlinemate?
What's that?
( Cell phone rings )
Hello?
Hey. Melissa just left.
Should we go in?
No, just wait. I'll text
you when she gets here.
All right.
Roger that.
"Roger that?"
What? We're on a mission.
Thank you.
"Hotmama loves tango?"
I'm going to kill Aria.
How do I delete this?
No, I wouldn't do that.
I know there's some
strange people on here,
but did you know
that Jane foster
met her second and her third
husbands on this site?
Perfect.
( Laughs ) Seriously.
I've met some good guys too.
It's not easy to do at our age.
The pool we're swimming in
is much shallower
than it used to be.
I don't know. It seems like
hatf of this town is divorced.
Well, most of the men our age
want someone their age.
Ella: Mm-hmm.
Honestly...
Dating isn't even on my mind.
I'm just trying to adjust
to all the changes.
I remember the feeling.
Do you know I do not even
know how to barbecue?
Or fix a toilet?
Mine ran for three
hours last night
until my neighbor came over
to ask if he could fix it
because the noise
was keeping him awake.
Well, some of the things
you figure out
more quickly than others.
And those that you don't,
you figure out who to call
to figure it out for you.
( Laughs )
I think the hardest part for me
was not having someone to
share the little stuff with.
For me, it's sleeping at night.
I still curl up
into my little area.
And one morning you wake up
and you'll realize you're
on the other side of the bed.
And how long did
that take for you?
Longer than I care to admit.
( Phone chimes )
Oh, look.
It's a message from
mainlinemate.
Frankie d. Wants
to meet me for coffee.
Oh.
He has a full head of hair,
owns his own home,
and drives a red corvette.
Wow.
I'll share him with you.
No, thanks.
( Both laugh )
You sure?
No, thank you.
But wow.
Yeah.
All right, you guys,
it's been 20 minutes.
We should just go in.
Spencer hasn't texted yet.
She will any minute.
Hanna: Let's find out when
she lost that baby.
( Keys jingling )
What exactly
are we looking for?
Medical records.
Anything with a date on it.
I'm gonna go check the bedroom.
Okay, there's
nothing in the bedroom.
Is this anything?
Yeah, her car insurance.
( Phone vibrates )
Melissa bought
a pair of Chloe boots
from saks last
week for 900 bucks.
Okay, now those I wanna see.
I wanna find her
fake baby bump.
What? Aren't you curious?
It has to be here somewhere.
Gross.
Oh, my God. She's even
more anal than Spencer.
I didn't even think
that was possible.
And, yet it is.
Oh, my God.
What?
It's Melissa!
Where?
Outside.
Put everything back.
What do we do?
Put everything back
where you found it.
Dammit!
Hanna.
( Exhales )
That was close.
Yeah, way too close.
Okay, let's just
get out of here.
We need to hang these up.
Wait, you guys.
Look.
Wait.
It matches the one Hanna found
at the masquerade ball.
You know what they say,
if the feather fits.
Hanna, it's the shoe.
If the shoe fits.
Whatever. Melissa's "A".
Guys, I know that
she looks suspicious.
Okay, but we're
still just guessing.
Well it's a guess
I'm willing to take.
Me too.
Fine, I'll go back to Philly.
Mm-mmm.
You're not going alone.
If Melissa is who
we think she is,
then she's dangerous.
Like, "probably had something to
do with Ali's murder" dangerous.
She's not just trying
to hurt you, Spence.
She's after all of us.
Well, em gets off at 8:00,
so pick her up,
and then we'll all go together.
Want to help me
get dinner started?
I thought you were staying
in Philly for the week.
I decided to come back for mom.
For mom?
It was pretty humiliating what
Jason did to her at the grill.
He lives next door to us.
Who knows what this
person's gonna do next.
He's our brother, Melissa.
I was trying to be polite.
I know that you were
dressed as the black swan
at the masquerade ball.
And I know that you didn't
lose the baby in June.
Oh, God.
Please say something.
Melissa.
When did you lose the baby?
( Sobs )
The day after
I found Ian's body.
What? How could
you not tell me?
I tried to!
When? When did you try?
The night of Ian's funeral.
But then I saw his
phone in your bag
and I thought you were the
one sending me those texts.
Why would you fake
being pregnant?
I lost Ian!
I lost the baby.
It was too much.
So you pretended?
My whole life was
in the papers.
I couldn't deal with this
getting out there too.
At least that's how it started.
You had to know that
this couldn't last, right?
Why were you at
the masquerade ball?
I'd like to know the answer
to that myself.
So, I decided to do it.
My mom's out.
I'm gonna tell Caleb tonight.
I refuse to let this "A"
play divide and conquer.
Oh. What time
is he coming over?
( Phone chimes )
Hey, that's probably him.
I'll call you back.
Okay.
One morning, there was a package in the
hallway outside my apartment.
The black swan dress
was in it with a note
telling me to wear
it to the ball,
or everyone would find out
I was lying about the baby.
Why didn't you tell anyone?
Who? You? Mom? Dad?
Garrett had just been arrested,
I was scared and now someone
was blackmailing me.
So I put on the dress
and I went to the ball.
Why were you talking to Jenna?
The note said to distract
Jenna at the ball.
But then I saw your
friends and I... I ran out.
Who would blackmail you?
I'm assuming it was Mona.
She was taken to
radley that night
and I never got another
note or a threat again.
Now that this is all
out in the open,
I'm hoping we can
put this behind us.
I'm going upstairs.
I need to lie down.
( Door closes )
Who else knows that
she was faking it?
Your father.
And Garrett.
Wait, so that's
why you took the case?
'Cause Garrett's
blackmailing you?
It's not that.
Then why?
Mom, you better
tell me right now,
or I swear to God, I'm gonna
walk out of that door
and I'm not gonna come back.
Garrett told me that
his public defender
was putting together
a list of defense witnesses.
I recognized one of the names.
The p.I. That your
father and I had hired to...
Watch Melissa after
Alison went missing.
And he found something
about Melissa.
Your sister had nothing
to do with the murder.
But if a jury found out
that we'd hired someone
and learned that she was
faking her pregnancy,
then they'd instantly think that
she was guilty of something.
Melissa: Mom?
Spencer, you can't tell anyone.
Like it or not,
this is your family.
Hey.
Hi.
You okay?
Not really.
My mom was in a car accident.
Oh, my God.
Wait, when did this happen?
Is she okay?
Yeah, she's lucky.
Could've been a lot worse.
She was in Montecito.
Yeah.
It's pretty screwed up though.
She said that she
felt like someone
was trying to run
her off the road.
I can't believe
somebody would do that.
Yeah, me neither.
Anyway, you said you had
something to tell me?
Yeah, um...
Yeah, I thought I'd be
able to talk about it, but.
But what?
Right now is not
really a good time.
I don't understand.
First, you tell me that you're
hiding something from me.
And now you're saying that
you can't tell me what that is.
Caleb, it's nothing.
Really.
Hanna...
I understand that when
you lied to me last year,
you were trying to protect me.
But there's no more "A".
So why are you lying to me now?
Is this about Mona?
No.
Then what?
Could we just drop it?
Caleb, where are you going?
I can't do this anymore.
Can't do what?
This.
I feel like you've been
pushing me away for weeks.
And I just...
I keep hoping that things
are going to go back
to the way that they were.
But, clearly,
that's not going to happen.
You just gotta be
patient with me right now.
Hanna, I have been nothing
but patient with you.
I feel like I only exist
in half of your life.
And that's not
good enough for me.
You have to give
me something here.
More silence.
Great.
I'm done, Hanna.
What do you mean, you're done?
Are you...
are you breaking up with me?
You're hardly giving me much
of a choice, are you?
( Exhales )
( Knocking ) Come in.
Hey.
What're you doing here?
I thought we were doing
dinner tomorrow night.
We are.
I just stopped by
to get some things
for the apartment
and I saw your light on.
Can we talk?
Sure.
I saw my online dating profile.
Oh.
Look, mom,
I... I can explain that.
You know, part of me is angry
that you inserted yourself
into my personal life,
and the other part
of me realizes
that you were just
trying to help.
I'm sorry. Really.
I know that I shouldn't
have done it.
I just... I thought it would
be nice if you met someone.
Especially since dad's...
seeing Meredith again?
You know about that?
I do.
And I'm okay with it.
You are?
Yeah. We're not
together anymore.
He can date whoever
he wants to date.
I meani wish it
was somebody else,
but, what am I gonna do?
I was worried about you.
I want you to be happy.
It's been a couple of
overwhelming months for me
and I'm doing my best
to get through it,
but that doesn't mean
that I'm lonely,
or dying for companionship.
You're not?
No. I've been a wife
and a mom my entire adult life
and I'm looking forward to
getting to a common place
and having some time for myself
before I add somebody
else to that equation.
You can understand that, right?
Yes.
And, by the way,
"hotmama", really?
Seriously?
I'm gonna go delete
that right now.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Maybe we should leave it up
for a little while.
( Both chuckle )
♪
Oh, thanks.
No problem.
I just realized I forgot Maya's
parents address in my car.
Felt good writing it.
It's kind of like the
goodbye I never had.
I'm actually mailing a package
to them in the morning.
Want me to just
add it in there?
Sure. Thanks.
I have to get going.
I'm meeting some friends,
but we should grab
a bite sometime.
Yeah, sure.
If I'm still around.
Where are you going?
Thinking about heading home.
Maybe transferring
somewhere else.
You don't like Hollis?
It's not that,
I just...
I'm having a tough
time settling in.
All anyone seems to talk about
around here is Maya's death.
Big news in a small town.
I get it, but when
I think about Maya,
I wanna think about how she
lived, not how she died.
Yeah.
Losing Maya was
the hardest thing
I've ever had to deal with.
It's turned my
whole world around.
I'm sure it's only
going to get harder
when the trial starts.
But I also know that Maya
wouldn't want you to leave
school because of her.
She'd want you to find a way
to block out the
difficult stuff
so you can embrace the good.
Maybe you should
take your own advice.
What do you mean?
You're gonna have to let her
go at some point, right?
I mean, deep down you would
know she'd want you to.
If you do end up staying,
know that you have a friend.
Maya was a lucky girl.
( Sobbing )
Out for an evening stroll?
I'm just trying
to clear my head.
Rough night?
Rough two years.
I've received over 200
calls in the last few days
all swearing they know
who stole Ali's remains.
Everyone's being accused from
Mrs. Welch to Obama to you.
But it's all just lies.
You have no idea how
much I'm looking forward
to going to college next year.
Getting out of this place.
All these dysfunctional people.
Yeah, sounds good, doesn't it?
Well, unfortunately,
it doesn't work that way.
Trust me.
You can leave Rosewood,
but Rosewood will
never leave you.
( Cell phone chimes )
I've got to, uh...
I gotta do a few things.
Driving up to meet my
parents in the morning.
Tell them I say hi.
Spencer, I'm withdrawing
the reward.
You were right.
It's too much for me.
Truth always comes out, Jason.
One way or another.
Yeah, meet me in the
parking lot in 15 minutes.
Is there a problem, detective?
How far away is your
parents' lake house?
Why?
Just curious.
Announcer: Welcome to the
Montecito airport.
We remind you
that the white zone
is for the immediate
loading and unloading
of passengers only.
No parking.
( Computer beeps )
Final boarding call for
flight 520 to Philadelphia.
Welcome to the
Montecito airport.
As a reminder...
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
www.Addic7ed.Com